Tidy and Revise 6.4 Direct Geometry Release Notes (#33986)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.4.0/direct_geometry.rst

  have consistent binning by rebinning to the sample that will be corrected.
- :ref:`LoadPLN <algm-LoadPLN>` now supports the loading of ANSTO PELICAN data during event capture mid-experiment, as a cross check for long experiments.

Bugfixes
########

- The sign of the half-channel width in the :ref:`LoadILLTOF <algm-LoadILLTOF>` algorithm has been changed from negative to positive to ensure the TOF axis is always positive.
- The :ref:`PyChop <PyChop>` interface has been adjusted to ensure that the command-line version functions as described in the documentation.

Algorithms
----------

New Features
############

- :ref:`DirectILLAutoProcess <algm-DirectILLAutoProcess>` now performs the full data reduction treatment for ILL direct geometry instruments for an empty container, vanadium, and sample, both for single crystal and powder.
- :ref:`DirectILLCollectData <algm-DirectILLCollectData>` has two new properties: ``GroupDetHorizontallyBy`` and ``GroupDetVerticallyBy`` which allow for averaging pixel counts between the tubes and inside them, respectively, or for flat background calculations.

> - Autoscaling has been added to the :ref:`PelicanReduction <algm-PelicanReduction>` algorithm to ensure that the Q range to matches the energy transfer, as is default in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Autoscaling has been added to the :ref:`PelicanReduction <algm-PelicanReduction>` algorithm to ensure that the Q range matches the energy transfer, as is default in the UI.
```

New Features
############

- The :ref:`Crystal Field Python interface <Crystal Field Python Interface>` has been extended to include functions to calculate the x, y, and z components of

>   the dipole transition matrix. ``getXDipoleMatrixComponent()``, ``getYDipoleMatrixComponent()`` and ``getZDipoleMatrixComponent()``.

Reviewer: This doesn't make a lot of sense to me. Should the fullstop after matrix be a comma instead? If not then the final sentence needs reworking.

New Features
############

> - The documentation has been improved.

Reviewer: This needs to be expanded a bit. It's not really helpful for users.

> - The programme is now available as a noarch conda package.

Reviewer: I think perhaps Conda rather than conda?

Reviewer 2: They write it as lowercase on their homepage when it's not at the start of a sentence, so I'll leave this one as-is

> - MSlice has been updated to matplotlib 3.5.

Reviewer: Can we change this to Mslice is now compatible with ``matplotlib v3.5.0``. ? It makes it more consistent with the Workbench release notes.

- Slice plot font sizes can now be changed using the quick options.
- The default cut algorithm has been changed to Integration.

Bugfixes
########

- The Default Energy Unit menu is no longer empty.

> - The 'Show Legend' check boxes now appear with the correct state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``Show Legend`` check boxes now appear with the correct state.
```
